Document air_quality triggers & conditions (#44955)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_conditions/air_quality.is_co_value.markdown

---
title: "Carbon monoxide value"
condition: air_quality.is_co_value
domain: air_quality
description: "Tests the carbon monoxide level of one or more entities."
related_conditions:
  - air_quality.is_co_detected
  - air_quality.is_co_cleared
---

> The **Carbon monoxide value** condition passes when a carbon monoxide (CO) sensor's reading meets a specific level. Carbon monoxide is a colorless, odorless gas produced by incomplete combustion, and even moderate levels deserve attention. This condition gives you finer control than a simple detected/cleared check, letting you start ventilation at a lower reading and sound the full alarm only when concentrations climb higher.

Reviewer: Use "or" instead of "/"

```suggestion
The **Carbon monoxide value** condition passes when a carbon monoxide (CO) sensor's reading meets a specific level. Carbon monoxide is a colorless, odorless gas produced by incomplete combustion, and even moderate levels deserve attention. This condition gives you finer control than simpler detected or cleared checks, letting you start ventilation at a lower reading and sound the full alarm only when concentrations climb higher.
```

{% include integrations/labs_entity_triggers_note.md %}

{% include conditions/ui_header.md %}

> To use this condition in an automation:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Using this condition in an automation
```
